# Systems Engineering Year 12 SAT
## Mechanical Electro-technological Integrated Controlled System
### Study Design Specifications
In this unit students complete the creation of the mechanical and electrotechnological integrated and controlled system they researched, designed, planned and commenced production of in Unit 3. Students investigate new and emerging technologies, consider reasons for their development and analyse their impacts. Students continue producing their mechanical and electrotechnological integrated and controlled system using the systems engineering process. Students develop their understanding of the open-source model in the development of integrated and controlled systems, and document its use fairly. They effectively document the use of project and risk management methods throughout the creation of the system. They use a range of materials, tools, equipment and components. Students test, diagnose and analyse the performance of the system. They evaluate their process and the system. Students expand their knowledge of emerging developments and innovations through their investigation and analysis of a range of engineered systems.

###

### Engineering Problem:
The problem is that a playful 3-year-old female ragdoll cat approximately sized 40cm length ways, 10cm wide and 38cm tall, has a tendency to enter rooms to make mess and create disorder and chaos within the room in order to find entertainment, but specifically a certain type of room being bedrooms. A mechanical electro-technological integrated controlled system is needed to solve this problem as such this system will need to entertain as well as provide a distraction away from said rooms entrances. This cat can and will be distracted and entertained by a variety of toys and contraptions as well as food due to its playful nature and its love of food. The room in question is a large dimly lit room filled with generic bedroom furniture such as a bed, tv, walk in wardrobe, bedside table and an ensuite. The system will need to not fully disable movement in and out of the room but provide a distraction only if said cat comes close and accomplish this by being placed outside the room and doorway. The system will need to differentiate between the primary target and only activate if such target is approaching (the target being the cat). If another target such as other animals or people are approaching the entrance it must not activate its functions of distraction. People will not always be home to activate the system it will also need to be able to run 24/7 thus it will need automated features of activation and detection manually and physically. The cat’s safety will also be an important factor that will need to be taken into consideration as to not physically hurt the cat. Vulnerable electronics will need to be encased away from reach as to not let the cat damage the device physically. Family members prefer the house tidy with furniture and decorations being colored in a similar color palette so that nothing abstract stands out, family members would prefer colors that don’t stand out in an outrageous way. Family members would also prefer walls and doors to not be obstructed. System could be accidentally knocked and or hit by people and or the cat so it will need to be structurally secure.

### Context:
The function of my integrated system is to provide an area denial service that will allow for unauthorized animals to be denied access and moved away from enclosed spaces deemed restricted. The integrated system will be required to be suitable and appealing for users that are not experts in technology and mechanical engineering principles whilst still achieving the goal of moving the cat. The system will need to be fully functional in an inside environment that will periodically be subject to sunlight in the operational environment. The system must in all stages of use avoid any reasonable amount of harm to all fauna including humans as it will be used inside in an environment where it will come into contact with people and animals it must uphold necessary safety concerns and regulations to not be used as a weapon and abiding by OHS legalities. The cost of the system will need to not go over a $300 budget, the system should be cost-effective utilizing all materials. The system must not produce an unreasonable amount of waste during creation and operation. The standards of quality that the system requires will need to be of a good quality to reflect safety considerations and features as well as the build quality needing to be sturdy and not needing a unnecessary amount of maintenance it will also need to allow for modular integration with other systems and electrical and mechanical components. The styling and appearance of the system’s shape, housing and components will need to be neat and tidy electrically as well as the system itself including its housing not stand out to distract the users and other humans possibly using the operational environment, this includes colors and patterns that may be unattractive or stick out in a room that is constantly utilized. The system will need to have a long durability that does not need to be replaced mechanically or electronically it will also need to perform its required tasks perfectly without error apart from uncontrollable behavior patterns regarding correlated fauna. The system’s main compartment housings will need to be accessible for maintenance purposes of mechanical systems and electrical systems. The system will need to be sized to fit within a 300x300x300mm area. The quality standard of the system will need to be consistent at performing its task of effectively controlling the movement of the cat away from the area. Materials must be accessible and be able to be obtained legally, as well as production methodology only using accessible and safe machines. The solution must be able to obtain a high level of performance where it will be able to detect entities such as the cat and only that specific cat.

### 
